[Music]
today was the worst day of my life the
clock hadn't yet shown noon and I was
already starting to boil the reason is I
lose things constantly money clothes
phone credit cards I'm sure you do too
that's it though it's time to end this
so I woke up at 7 a.m. and went to make
coffee
my boss has screams we're still ringing
in my head he shouted at me yesterday
for some kind of financial report that I
had lost coffee was ready and right at
that moment my bank call they reminded
me of my loan debt for the apartment but
the real trouble began as soon as I
opened the Wardrobe I couldn't find the
white shirt that I always put on to work
I checked the dirty laundry basket in
another wardrobe on the couch the shirt
disappeared definitely so I put on a
Hawaiian shirt then I couldn't find my
socks one sock more precisely I opened
the dresser looked under my bed I
checked in the bathroom in the kitchen
on the chairs in my jeans pockets it
seemed as if one saw quarrel with the
other and broke up with it forever oh
and it was almost 8:00 and I wasn't even
dressed yet fortunately I still had
another pair but one of them had a hole
yeah it doesn't matter I'll be in shoes
after all I packed up and was ready to
go Oh No where are my keys I turned my
apartment upside down in less than two
minutes and they noticed that the keys
were in my hand all this time I'm ten
minutes late already
so I have to call a taxi but I need a
phone for this so where is it now I had
got a call from the bank and I put it
where I started to look for it in the
kitchen in the bin in the kitchen
cabinet in the dishwasher and even in
the fridge it took me ten more minutes
to finally notice it lying on the table
in plain sight just how well I'm leaving
my house waiting for a taxi my boss
calls I'm afraid to pick up the phone so
I turn on silent mode
I imagine entering the office and
immediately seeing my bosses angry face
stop I need a pass card
to enter the office but where is it left
it in the apartment probably I come back
to my apartment and start looking for it
it's a small card that I always keep in
my wallet but now it's not there I look
under every sofa cushion under the table
under the covers boss calls again I pick
up the phone and lie to him that I'm
stuck in traffic finally I find the pass
in the pants that I wore to work
yesterday I leave the apartment and see
my taxi leaving the driver waited for
too long I call a new one and finally go
to the office I returned home late at
night and fell onto the bed exhausted I
don't want to remember my working day so
I'll be brief I came to the office in
the afternoon received a severe
reprimand lost an important email from a
colleague and forgot my computer
password I decided to find out how to
stop losing things forever and why it
even happens the first thing I learned
was that I'm not the only one a lot of
people lose something all the time
according to one study an average person
loses things 5 to 9 times a day and we
spend almost half a year of our lives
searching for lost things I think I
spend more than half of my life on this
so here are the life hacks I've learned
number one think very hard about the
thing you lost before you fall asleep
present it in all the details
recall the events this thing is
associated with thus you program the
brain to search for this thing and you
may see some symbols or prompts from
your subconscious during sleep these
tips can lead you to a lost object the
next morning for example you got a dream
about orchids or daisies these flowers
might be printed on the air freshener so
your lost watch might be on the shelf
next to the freshener
to make friends with things if you often
lose the same item keys or a credit card
then invest more emotions in these
things hook some cool keychain to the
keys and put the card in a beautiful new
wallet we handle things we like more
carefully three take responsibility the
brain is afraid and doesn't want it
because being responsible for your
actions is stressful suppose you lost an
important document or flash drive at
work you may think that someone took it
or stole it everyone is to blame but not
you don't pass the blame to others admit
to yourself that it's your fault
and take responsibility if we become
aware of our absent mindedness it
becomes easier for us to get rid of it
and control our lives for psychological
tricks often we can't find a thing
because of panic it seems that it can be
anywhere but not nearby it's important
to understand that the things you've
lost are within the radius of a few feet
so stay calm and it'll be easier for you
to find it also you can imagine that a
special thin line connects you with the
lost thing it's possible that intuition
will help you follow this line correctly
5 train your memory and attention
immediately tell yourself the keys are
on the table when you put the keys on
the table afterward
such a mind tag will help you remember
where your stuff is or you can start
with the last memory associated with a
lost thing where did you see it last
build a detailed picture of this moments
events and it will lead you to your goal
and the best thing you can do is assign
the place for each important thing and
put it there every time now to the
reason of it all
Sigmund Freud helped me with this I
studied his research in the field of
psychology and unconscious behavior and
found out that we lose things because we
wanted ourselves our brain does this
unknowingly making our secret desires
come true
I didn't believe it at first credit
cards Keys falling money and other stuff
I really doubt that I want to get rid of
all of this but then I looked at my
worst day from the other side I realized
I didn't want to go to work as soon as I
opened my eyes that morning the brain
said okay I'll help you with this it
erased the memories of where I left my
work shirt socks
Pass card and even hid the keys in my
hand my brain lost all these things so I
couldn't leave home my absent-mindedness
at work conflicts with my boss this was
all my brain signalling that I needed to
get out of there and do something else I
couldn't find the phone in the kitchen
for a long time although I lay right in
front of me the brain hid it from me
because it didn't want any calls from
the bank and the boss it happens that
people quarrel with someone from the
family and then can't find the keys this
is because the brain wants to be alone
and doesn't want to return to the place
where conflicts await the missing credit
cards are associated with the bank's
money that we must return the brain
doesn't want to deal with debts and
loans all of these losses are clues from
the brain that you need to change your
life for the better how did this help me
I changed jobs and now I am happy to
wake up in the morning I haven't paid a
loan to the bank yet but I've begun to
spend money more carefully and stop
buying unnecessary stuff I try to have
fewer conflicts with people over the
phone as a result I became happier and
finally ended losing my things the worst
day of my life turned out to be the best
day after all
[Music]